I was waiting for you in the garage and someone broke the window and beat me up
Is it okay? Let me take a look.
Does it hurt?
You are always gentle
Who is so vicious?
It won't be hers.
She doesn't have the guts
I don't dare to point at random
When he hit me, he also said to see if you would dare to rob Miss Qu's ex-boyfriend in the future
Qu Yan, what's the matter with you, come to me
Janine she is innocent
Do you believe it or not?
I'll call the police right now and put you in jail
Call the police
Just in time for the police to see
Who should go to jail?
you
Brother Chuan
My sister misunderstood our relationship.
Anger is inevitable
Should he hit someone when he is angry?
OK
Qu Yan, you'd better apologize immediately.
Otherwise, how did you call Garmin? How can I call you back?
apologize
She apologized to me not much
Forget it, Brother Chuan
Even if he did find someone to hit me
Maybe also on impulse
Don't blame him, okay?
Sister, what are you doing?
Are you going to hit me in front of Brother Chuan?
Hit you hit you
Why can't you fight?